http2: allow Host in HTTP/2 requests (#34664)
nodejs/node: doc/api/http2.md

<!-- YAML
added: v8.4.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/34664
    description: Requests with the `host` header (with or without

>                  `:authority`) can now be sent / received.

Reviewer: Micro-nit. Can be ignored.

```suggestion
                 `:authority`) can now be sent/received.
```

* {string}

The request authority pseudo header field. Because HTTP/2 allows requests
to set either `:authority` or `host`, this value is derived from

> `req.headers[':authority']` if present, `req.headers['host']` otherwise.

Reviewer: Optional suggestion:

```suggestion
`req.headers[':authority']` if present. Otherwise, it is derived from `req.headers['host']`.
```

* `type` {string} Either `'server'` or `'client'` to identify the type of
  `Http2Session`.

## Note on `:authority` and `host`

HTTP/2 requires requests to have either the `:authority` pseudo-header

> or the `host` header. Using `:authority` should be preferred when
> constructing an HTTP/2 request directly, and `host` should be
> preferred when converting from HTTP/1 (in proxies, for instance).

Reviewer: Optional suggestion:

```suggestion
or the `host` header. Use `:authority` when
constructing an HTTP/2 request directly, and `host`
when converting from HTTP/1 (in proxies, for instance).
```

Author: Thanks for the pointers :blue_heart: I'm not sure on this one, though... the spec only says it's a "preferred form", not imperative or anything, and I'm not sure how often this preference is honored in practice... (we didn't even allow that form to begin with)

Author: I think I'll apply the suggestion with `Prefer` instead of `Use`

Historically, Node.js required all requests to have the `:authority`
pseudo-header and rejected requests with the `host` header present.
This has been corrected; the `host` header is now allowed, and the
only requirement is for either `host` or `:authority` to be
present (or both). The same validations from `:authority` extend

> to `host`.

Reviewer: Not a reason to hold up landing this (as it can always be removed later), but can this paragraph be removed? Generally, docs talk about the current version.

The compatibility API falls back to `host` if `:authority` is not

> present, see [`request.authority`][]. However, if you don't use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
present. See [`request.authority`][] for more information. However, if you don't use the
```
